This pages require additional information.Data====MISO2 mostly uses the ODYM data scheme of .xls files to prepare its input data. See reference.. warning::    ODYM relies heavily on hard-coded cell values in input parsing.     Do NOT insert additional rows or columns or rename attributes unless you know what you are doing.ODYM setup files----------------* **MISO2_Classifications_Master.xls**Contains the classification of elements, time, regions, materials and sectors.* **MISO2_Config.xls**Contains parameters and their description. ODYM uses this file to determine which further parameter xls to parse.* **MISO2_<parameter>_v<version>.xls**Contain the values and distribution of uncertainty for each value for each parameter.Changes in ODYM data setup~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~The MISO2 software parses additional properties from the Classification master for all classification objects other than "Unity".Only additional properties of material are actually parsed and used within the model to determine if materials recycling rates and aggregate status... note::    The MAIN_table classification names must match the relevant sheet names and dummy elements need to be present for each classification.Additional files----------------* **MISO2_uncertainty_distribution_settings.xls**Contains the necessary parameters for setting and handling uncertainty within the MISO2 model.These include minimum and maximum limit for parameter values, the type of (global) uncertainty distribution and the global estimated uncertainty value.Values from these files are used if the uncertainty should be set to global defaults for all parameters with the script "load_global_uncertaintys".This file is parsed, but not used, when running the model without randomisation... note::    The type of distribution is mainly used as a preliminary check to determine if an allocation parameter is used.     For allocation parameters, the sum of individual values (e.g. sectors) must always add up to 1. This requires a different execution path for generating uncertainty values.* **Uncertainty_<material>.xls**Data preparation scripts--------------------------.. warning::    These scripts were written for a one-shot data transformation task. They do not contain error checks and are highly sensitive to the input data.    